A man named Kang Dae Hee attacked me in your dream?
What is the case you're covering these days?
Anything dangerous or might lead to grudges?
Anything relevant to death benefit insurances?
Not at all.
I'm covering cats, not even humans. Street cats.
Street cats?
Yes. Someone killed the cats with potassium poison.
They told me to cover this news.
Oh, that's a relief.
How's that a relief?
They treat me like a freshman because I just got back to work.
Isn't it better than doing something dangerous?
And why is your reaction so timid?
Aren't you scared that I dreamed of you dying as a reporter?
This could be the dream.
Not this dream, at least.
Where was the place?
Was it in the mountain?
No, it wasn't.
Did you see a green umbrella?
No, I didn't.
See? This isn't the dream.
Any dream is okay except that one.
When I crossed the road holding your hand,
I let go of all the fear, worries, and everything else.
Otherwise, I can't be a reporter.
You changed.
Because of whom?
Kang Dae Hee is in trial now.
A smart prosecutor named Shin Hee Min is in charge of it.
Kang Dae Hee won't be free.
There is no need for you to worry ahead.
Instead, promise me something.
Promise?
It's annoying.
Spilling records before a trial means something bad.
Just forget about it. It could have been worse.
It's all because of Prosecutor Jung. He has a big mouth.
I'm sorry I have a big mouth.
What now? You want to see the record and criticize?
I know you will do well today, but please do your best.
What are you doing? Are you teasing me now? How ridiculous.
Just cheering you up as your junior. I mean it.
Please plead guilty for Kang Dae Hee.
Prosecutor Shin Hee Min.
Okay.
Are you okay?
You did that on purpose!
No I didn't. I'll help you.
Get out of my sight.
- Are you alright? - No I'm not alright.
Prosecutor Lee.
What brought you here?
I'm free for a few minutes.
You came because you're nervous about him getting no charges.
What are you talking about? I believe in Min Hee.
Accused Kang Dae Hee, on the day his brother died,
has searched the following things on his mobile phone.
When we link all his search words,
we can tell his motives on why he has killed and his paths too.
The accused has intentionally hit Domun Tunnel and killed his brother.
Then he looked for any witnesses at the crime scene.
He was scared that his motive will be revealed if the body...
goes under autopsy, so he researched on how to avoid it.
He hurried with cremating the dead body.
During the funeral, he has searched for...
"How to claim insurance for the deceased”.
In the end,
he has claimed 2.7 million dollars, a price for his dead brother.
What a bad guy. What trash.
If you assume that he killed him and link all these key words,
it becomes a crime scenario.
However, if he didn't kill him...
and look again at his search words, it becomes another story.
The accused didn't want to ruin the dead's body.
He wanted to pay respect to his brother.
That's why he searched, "How not to go through autopsy".
Due to a financial reason, he couldn't hold the funeral for long.
So he had to shorten the funeral as it costs less and searched for...
"how to cremate". His sadness over losing a brother...
didn't come before his tiredness of not having money.
He came to think of the insurance. And he thought it was the last gift.
That is why he searched for all these keywords.
This also makes sense.
That doesn't make sense.
His difficult financial status has won over his sadness...
of losing his brother. How could he pay 4,000 dollars per month...
for the insurance?
The accused has often paid penalties for not wearing seat belts.
But on the day of the accident,
only Kang has worn the seat belt.
His brother did not wear the seat belt. Is this a coincidence?
He often paid the penalty for it. That's why he worn it that day.
He paid penalties even after the car accidents.
How would you explain this?
She's doing well.
I'm sorry.
Are you sleepy?
Yes, Da Hee. I'll get some sleep.
My work was tough today. I'm tired.
Get some sleep.
I will wake you up later.
As you can see,
the dash cam in the car was moved to face upwards.
What was it that he did not want to record?
If he didn't want to record, he should have removed it.
As you can hear from the recording, the brothers were...
in such a good relationship.
As I listen, there is one thing to clarify.
Why didn't you want an autopsy?
If it was a car accident,
there is no need for you to skip the autopsy.
I have a reason, of course.
What is it?
He did not die in the car accident.
(Witness)
You were the first to arrive at the scene, right?
Could you describe how it was when you were saving him?
The driver's seat was okay.
However, the passenger's seat was completely destroyed...
because it hit the gate. So I couldn't really tell.
The driver, the accused sitting over there. Was he conscious?
Yes.
Did he ask to save his brother at the passenger's seat?
No.
That's all.
I have read the medical record,
and it says he didn't bleed much.
The passenger's seat was completely destroyed.
But the deceased did not bleed. It sounds odd, right?
The car accident was big,
but he didn't bleed much.
What does it mean to have a scar but no blood?
That is possible when...
the scar is made after death.
Your honor, the lawyer is making hypothetical statements.
I'm only making a point that the victim did not die due to the car accident.
I'm only supporting my claims.
You're saying the victim did not die of car accident?
To us, the claim by the prosecutor that the victim died...
in a car accident sounds more like a...
a hypothetical statement than truth.
Then please provide evidence to your claim.
The victim's body temperature right after the accident was 35˚C.
Isn't this too low to be considered as a temperature right after death?
Yes, when a person dies, the temperature drops by 1.5˚C per hour.
This means that the differences were more than 1.5˚C.
Which means it has been more than one hour since his death?
- Yes. - It says his oxygen level is zero.
Is the number normal?
No, not usually right after death.
It should take more than 1 hour to reach zero.
All his records here prove that the victim died...
before the car accident.
These records proved the fact.
This is not a hypothetical statement.
Lawyer Lee is claiming that the victim didn't die...
in the car accident.
The victim was already dead before the accident.
- Really? - Yes, sir.
Didn't you go to examine too?
- Yes. - You said it was a simple accident.
It was a simple car accident,
but the victim didn't bleed much.
My goodness. Lawyer Lee is holding on to that.
Whether he died in the car accident or not,
the victim was killed for the death benefit insurances, right?
No, it's a whole different story now.
My goodness, look.
A prosecutor already prosecuted him for killing in the car accident.
If this was not a car accident that killed the victim,
no matter how the victim died, this trial will state an acquittal.
No, let's say that...
the victim died of something else.
The victim was in the car before and after the car.
And it was only the victim and his older brother in the car.
Then there is only one person that is likely to kill the other.
How can he plead innocence?
He could have died of a heart attack.
On the day of incident, the victim had a tough day delivering mails.
And while asleep, the victim could have died of a heart attack.
After his death, the car accident happened.
- It doesn't make sense. - It does make the least sense.
I personally would like to know how the victim died too.
It really is a pity.
If we went through an autopsy,
either of us will have a solid proof by now.
However, neither side has a solid proof.
Any indirect proofs should not have any contradiction.
The victim's body temperature, oxygen saturation level,
and the 911 man's statements...
all contradict to what the prosecutor said.
Of course, the incident may give a thought that...
the accused killed his brother.
However, even if there is a 99 percent of confident belief...
If there is even one percent chance of a victim's death by heart attack,
then the accused is innocent.
If not killed in a car accident, how did you kill your brother?
Potassium cyanide, the poison.
At first, the street cats were making so much noise.
So I fed it to the cats to kill them.
The result was immediate. 100 percent.
Why would you do this to your brother?
The car accident doesn't guarantee it 100 percent.
If he regains consciousness by any chance, I'll be in trouble.
So I used potassium cyanide poison.
It works 100 percent.
And the police don't know this?
No, they don't know.
They will never find out because I cremated the body.
It's obvious Kang Dae Hee killed his brother.
Do we really have to accept that he is innocent?
We prosecuted him wrong in the first place.
If not car accident, then what?
I know I shouldn't say this now.
But why didn't you do an autopsy?
This is all because you didn't do an autopsy.
That's because...
All the doctors and policemen said it was a car accident.
The dead's family was crying in sadness.
How could we ask to dissect the naked corpse?
It was a difficult thing to ask the family.
Can't we issue another warrant on the day of his release?
If we release him like this, he'll commit a bigger crime.
Issue a warrant on what? We don't know how he died.
- Chief Prosecutor! - Come on.
I don't want to release the suspect either!
But we can't ignore all the laws and issue a warrant on nothing.
We can't arrest him for nothing.
It is a huge matter.
If we don't know how the victim died, the suspect will be innocent.
Seoul Hangang District Court,
Criminal Investigation Department Two...
will now announce the verdict.
2016, case number 2029. The accused Kang Dae Hee,
to this murder case,
is not charged with falsifying the car accident killing,
but is claiming that the victim was dead before the accident.
He is denying on the charge of murdering the victim.
According to the evidence that the prosecutor has submitted,
the accused has put a huge amount of insurances under the victim.
Despite his difficult financial status,
he has put in a tremendous amount for insurance every month.
He has maintained this unreasonable amount of insurances.
He has also claimed the death benefits...
during his own brother's funeral.
Facts subject to judgement do exist in indirect presumptions.
However, in this case,
we are unsure if the victim was killed in the car accident.
We are also uncertain if the motive of the accused is clear.
These questions still remain here.
With the above indirect presumptions,
the charge does not have enough evidence.
Furthermore, there is no direct evidence to prove the case.
The charge to this case...
only applies to when the crime has no other evidence.
By the later part of Criminal Law Article 325,
I hereby sentence acquittal to the accused.
[VIU Ver] E12 While You Were Sleeping
"A City of Blinds(False Insurance Case)"
-= Ruo Xi =-
The guy is worse than a worm.
I had to shake hands with the guy with a smile.
You changed a lot, Lee Yu Beom.
Yu Beom.
What is it? You followed me?
Kang Dae Hee has no charge.
You are done with this case. So please tell me.
If it wasn't the car accident how did he kill him?
You know it, don't you?
Yu Beom, please. Please tell me how he killed him.
I have to know, so I can issue a new arrest warrant.
Why do you ask me?
You have to find out yourself. Why do you ask me?
Yu Beom.
This is over.
What you are doing is begging me to slip you an answer.
Kang Dae Hee, that bastard, has put so much insurances...
under his younger sister too. If we let him go, he'll kill her too.
If he kills more people now, you're the one to blame!
Me?
Why would you blame it on me?
Even if he kills more people, I have nothing to do with it.
It's the prosecutors' fault who could not give enough evidence!
So who told you all to presume it before you have the proof?
You should have had the evidence to find one guilty!
I have done my part as his lawyer.
Whatever comes next, it has nothing to do with me.
It's you all prosecutors' duty.
So learn from it.
Why is he so obsessed with Prosecutor Shin's case?
I shouldn't say this now,
but maybe Prosecutor Jung likes Prosecutor Shin.
Right, you shouldn't say this now.
(Little Pup)
(Youngdeok Crab)
Hey. Prosecutor Jung, what's up? You never call me.
Where are you?
I'm at the Third Patrol Station, investigating street cats.
Nothing is going on, right?
I hope something is wrong, so I can report something.
If something goes wrong, call me immediately.
Got it, sir.
Sorry, I took too much of your time.
No, it's fine. Let me send you home.
But it's really quiet these days. I don't have anything to tell you.
Have you questioned around?
Yes, little kids told me that they saw...
a man giving cats some chickens.
But we couldn't conclude it on a specific person.
Chicken?
I've seen a man feeding chicken to cats too.
- Oh, really? You know the man? - Yes.
Why on earth did Kang Dae Hee attack Hong Joo?
They have nothing in common.
All these records here,
prove that the victim has died before...
the car accident.
Someone killed the cats with potassium poison.
They told me to cover this news.
No way.
Mr. Choi.
I wasn't texting, okay? I was reading some spam texts.
When you examined the victim's body for Kang Dae Hee's case,
was there any possibility that he was poisoned?
I'm not sure. I haven't even thought of it.
You are scaring me!
Something crossed my mind when you said "poison".
The color of his blood!
The color of his blood?
Yes, usually the color of blood is blueish red.
But the victim's blood color was pinkish, close to orange.
What do you mean by that?
This is a symptom for those who are infected with that.
That thing. That.
The one used to kill people in the past. That thing!
- Potassium cyanide? - Yes! That's right!
The blood turns green if you take it!
Prosecutor Jung! Where are you going?
Prosecutor Jung!
(Chicken)
Cho Hee. You were here.
You were worried about me, right?
Cho Hee.
I was on your side, Dae Hee.
No matter what the prosecutor says...
I said my brother wouldn't do such a thing.
You know that too, right?
Sure, I do.
I'm here because of what you said.
I went to see your trial.
Why? I told you not to.
The voice from your dash cam.
It wasn't his voice.
Both voices were yours.
Are you sleepy?
Yes, Dae Hee. I'll get some sleep.
My work was tough today. I'm tired.
Get some sleep. I'll wake you up later.
Dae Hee,
did you really kill him?
(Chicken)
- Is this the place? - Yes.
I saw the owner giving some chickens to cats.
Really?
You should wait here. Call the police if something happens.
What?
Hello? Anyone?
Sir, is everything okay?
Are you okay over there?
Sir?
Little bastard.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
Woo Tak!
Run, Hong Joo!
Run!
Goodness.
Do you have a cell phone?
No, it's at the shop.
Goodness. What to do I do?
Hello? Please speak. Where are you now?
Hello?
I told her to just go. This is making me mad!
Promise me something, Hong Joo.
Promise?
If something dangerous happens to you,
I can see it in my dream beforehand.
Jae Chan.
If you see this moment in your dream...
If a dangerous moment comes, tell me so I can go save you.
Please.
Come before it's too late.
Tell me the time and place,
so I know it in my dream.
Sanggu-dong, Suju Building. It's the rooftop.
It's April 11.
10:12pm.
Jung Jae Chan!
Kang Dae Hee!
You are under arrest for poisoning your brother to death.
You falsified a car accident to cover this up.
And claimed false insurances. You are under arrest.
(While You Were Sleeping)